Define an alternative set of bindings (CTRL-G KEY) (#5)
junegunn/fzf-git.sh: README.md

    * <kbd>CTRL-G</kbd><kbd>CTRL-R</kbd> for **R**emotes
    * <kbd>CTRL-G</kbd><kbd>CTRL-H</kbd> for commit **H**ashes
    * <kbd>CTRL-G</kbd><kbd>CTRL-S</kbd> for **S**tashes
  > :warning: You may have issues with these bindings in the following cases:
  >
  > * <kbd>CTRL-G</kbd><kbd>CTRL-B</kbd> will not work if

>   >   <kbd>CTRL-B</kbd> is used as the tmux prefix (bindkey)

Reviewer: I didn't understand the "(bindkey)" at the end, does that refer to tmux or zsh?

Author: Oh, I'm gonna remove it.

Author: ```suggestion
  >   <kbd>CTRL-B</kbd> is used as the tmux prefix
```

>   > * <kbd>CTRL-G</kbd><kbd>CTRL-S</kbd> will not work if flow control via
>   >   <kbd>CTRL-S</kbd> is enabled

Reviewer: I'd prefer to mention that the terminal might get "frozen" upon hitting <kbd>CTRL-S</kbd>. Something like that maybe?

```suggestion
  > * <kbd>CTRL-G</kbd><kbd>CTRL-S</kbd> will not work if flow control is enabled,
  >   <kbd>CTRL-S</kbd> will freeze the terminal instead
```

Author: Good idea.

  >     * (`stty -ixoff -ixon` will disable it)
  >
  > To workaround the problems, you can use
  > <kbd>CTRL-G</kbd><kbd>*{key}*</kbd> instead of

>   > <kbd>CTRL-G</kbd><kbd>CTRL-*{KEY}*</kbd>.

Reviewer: That's very smart.
